okay everybody it's been a little bit
since I posted anything mainly that's
because I've been working on our project
with my buddy and I did post a little
bit about that but I was also waiting
for these things to come in these are
called pogo pins and they're basically
made for the electrical industry to do
like quick testing of circuit boards and
stuff so what they do they make a you
know something that they needed to
provide power or get signal on they make
a jig that went over the circuit board
and then they have all these things
wired up and then they would just lower
down and touch the surface so I was kind
of looking for something like this
and found that this is pretty much like
the perfect thing for a CNC contact or
two because it's spring-loaded it has a
little over a quarter of an inch of
travel it's like point three inches of
travel and it's something that you know
so if the mill over the yellow momentum
carries it a little bit farther than
what it should it won't damage the Pogo
pin the other thing is that it does have
a nice hard stop on the end so it should
be very repeatable let's see if I can
show this to you a little bit better
here there is it's very simple there's a
pressed cylinder a pressed ring in the
indentation in there and there's a
corresponding depression in the diameter
in the silver pin and then a spring at
the back and these are designed to
maintain electrical conductivity which
is you know another really good thing
you can get them in a variety of sizes I
chose to get them and about I think
there are about 1.3 inches long and so I
think they should work good my idea
basically is to use this on the
use this to contact the carriages just
like we do when we do the Z homing
that's a fairly accurate way to do
things and the nice thing about this
machine is that every piece of metal in
the structure is grounded so I only need
to have like a +5 volt signal on here
with a pull-up resistor and I can make
an effective switch with just by
contacting it anywhere on the system so
to get that into the system I bought
some of these nylon nylon screws machine
screws the quarter-twenty and what I'm
going to do is just bore a hole through
the middle of this thing and then glue
it in and before I glue it in a solder
or a wire obviously to the end of this
thing
and that would be my signal kick carrier
path and so then what I'm going to do is
mount these things up under here and
allow my cart to contact them underneath
and that has an advantage because it
gets the the sensor out of the way so
you have less chance of bumping it when
you're working I kind of protect it a
little bit so the other nice thing is
that the screw is going to provide micro
adjust ability so that I can squirm like
Gantry easily as well so that's the plan
try and work on that today I don't know
how far I'll get but give it a shot and
see how it goes
so I'll I'll post again when the thing
is up and running I guess so thanks bye